I'm in a dirty car.
Oh, it's the car shop over there.
Hey, young man, are you going to get off?
What?
I heard you were going to get off.
I'm going to get off.
I'm going to the car shop to get my back.
Oh, my god.
Hey, car shop.
I'm not going to get off.
I see.
I thought it was a light car.
Don't be a joke.
It's not a car that you can drive in front of a customer.
Anyway, get off.
If you hit a bad bridge, get off the car.
Okay?
Step on the gas pedal.
Hold on to the handle.
It's a dangerous car.
Okay? I'm going to get off.
Oh, my god.
I'm in a dirty car.
It's fast. I see.
I'm going to get off.
I can't stay still.
Hey, car shop.
I'm going to get off.
I'm not going to get off.
Don't talk too much.
Someone died in the car accident.
It's a dangerous car.
I'm going to get off.
Oh, my god.
Hey, it's dangerous.
Stop.
I can't stop until I get to the car shop.
Oh, my god.
Don't say that.
Stop.
It's dangerous.
Oh, my god.
I stopped.
I'm surprised.
I'm so tired.
I stopped well.
I should have stopped well.
I'm in the back.
It's dangerous.
I don't know how far I can go without a back.
I stopped with a back.
I'm in the back.
Where is this place?
I don't know where it is.
No, please look closely.
I see.
I'll go there.
I can't go to the river in Saitama.
I can't go there.
I'm going to Ueno.
I'm going to get a good view.
I'm going to the south.
Oh, my god.
It's started.
I can't go.
It's more dangerous to go home.
Hey, car shop.
I'm hungry.
I can't eat lunch.
Can you eat lunch in the car?
Come on.
I'm sweating.
I can't see the end.
Please accept my apology.
Please help me.
I can't go.
Do you know how to swim?
I don't know how to swim.
I'll learn how to swim when I get in the car.
I have to know how to swim.
I gave up my previous life.
I can't give you a present.
I can't go.
I have to go at least once a day.
What's wrong with you today?
You're probably with your husband.
I'm kidding.
Help me.
Thank you very much.
I'm surprised.
I'm glad you're alive.
How much is it?
300 yen.
It's expensive.
It's not expensive.
It's like a car.
It's a small car.
Where is it?
It's a big car.
I'm kidding.
It's a small car.
What time is it?
3 a.m.
I'm not in time.
I'm sorry.
Please stop.
I'll be in time for the first time tomorrow morning.